Use Case 3: Search for Freelancers Based on Criteria

Actor: User, Freelancer, Employer

Description:
	Users can search for freelancers using filters such as name and skill. 
	The system performs a case-insensitive search and displays freelancers that match the name string,
	and matches any of the selected skills.
	Users can enter a name, skill(s), or both.

Basic Flow:
	1. The user navigates to the search interface.
	2. The system displays a search name field and the unselected skills combo box, and the selected skills list view. 
	3. The user enters the search criteria.
	4. System updates the selected skills.
	5. The User clicks search
	6. The system preforms a case-insensitive search using the entered criteria.
	7. The system displays a list of freelancers who match the criteria.
	8. The user may select a freelancers profile to view more details or choose to refine their search (return to Step 4).

Alternative Flow 3.A - Entering name only
	3A. The user enters a name but no skills (return back to 4).

Alternative Flow 3.B - Entering skills only
	3B. The user selects skills but enters no name (return back to 4).

Alternative Flow 3.C - Entering name and skills
	3C. The user enters a name and selects one or more skills (return back to 4).

Alternative Flow 3.D - Nothing Entered
	3D. The user does not enter a name or skills (return back to 4).

Alternative Flow 4.A - Deselecting skills:
	4A. The user deselects skills by clicking the skill in the list view.
	4B. The system updates to delete the selected skill.

Alternative Flow 6.A – Name Only Search:
	6A1. The system displays freelancers whose names contain the search string (case-insensitive).
	6A2. Return to Step 7 of the Basic Flow.

Alternative Flow 6.B – Skills Only Search:
	6B1. The system displays freelancers who possess any of the selected skills.
	6B2. Return to Step 7 of the Basic Flow.

Alternative Flow 6.C – Name and Skills Search:
	6C1. The system displays freelancers whose names contain the string and who have at least one of the selected skills.
	6C2. Return to Step 7 of the Basic Flow.

Alternative Flow 6.D - Nothing Searched:
	6D1. The system displays freelancers who are in the selected category.
	6D2. Return to Step 7 of the Basic Flow.

Alternative Flow 7.A – No Matches:
	7A. The system finds no freelancers matching the entered criteria.
	7B. The system displays zero freelancers. 
	7C. The user can update the search criteria and reclick the search button (return to Step 4). 
